fix(auth): cleans up hub auth example with correct flow (#146)
textileio/docs: docs/tutorials/hub/web-app.md

!!!info

>     In the future we will support email-based identities, allowing you to more easily use the Hub APIs with common email-based user models. [Follow progress here](https://github.com/textileio/textile/issues/216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Textile is relatively agnostic to identity providers. In the future, we will also support email-based identities, allowing you to more easily use the Hub APIs with common email-based user models. [Follow progress here](https://github.com/textileio/textile/issues/216).
```

### Creating a credentials & login endpoint

> API credentials need to be generated for every new user. Additionally, credentials expire quickly, so new credentials need to be generated for a user each often. Below, we'll show you two ways to you can setup an endpoint to provide Hub credentials to your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API credentials need to be generated for each time a user/client needs to access Hub APIs. Additionally, developers should ensure their credentials expire relatively quickly, so credentials need to be (re)generated relatively often. Below, we'll show you two ways to you can setup an endpoint to provide Hub credentials to your app.
```

Both examples keep the _user group secret_ private on the server.

**Option 1. Creating a simple credentials endpoint**

In this example, we'll show a simple endpoint that will provide credentials to any user that requests it. This is a pretty wide open API, but could be used with your own domain whitelisting or other security models.

[Read the section on creating a simple credentials endpoint.](simple-credentials-endpoint.md)

**Option 2. Build a credentials and login endpoint**

> In this example, we'll show you how to use the user's public key to let the _login_ to your app. This endpoint will use the Hub to issue the user a challenge (where they prove they also own the corresponding private key). After the user passes the challenge, the endpoint will give them Hub credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we'll show you how to use the user's public key to let them _login_ to your app. This endpoint will use the Hub to issue the user a challenge (where they prove they own their private key). After the user passes the challenge, the endpoint will give them Hub credentials. This is a more restrictive flow, but is useful for developers who don't want to design their own user-validation flow.
```
